This exercise is about checking whether the given value is at a or not.
Now, when I mentioned this that you have to check the data type or the type of value, the first thing
may come in your mind is the type of operator.
Let's first of all, create an added, I'll say, error.
Let's also put a few elements in it.
If I cancel the type of error.
Let's see what happens.
It says object.
So here you do not get the idea whether it is an ADI or not because Adi is considered as an object in
JavaScript anyway.
Then there is the two string method.
If two string method is used with the call method, then you can get whether it is a number string A-D
or different type of values.
Let's check it once.
I will say object dart.
Prototype dot.
To string Dodd Col.
And inside the column, I'm going to pass the addy.
Let's run the call and see what is the output.
Now as you see that it doesn't only display it is an object, but it also displays that it is and adding,
how come this has happened?
It is the two string method.
If it is used with the call.
Now if you want to know more about call, apply and bind.
I have already discussed that in one of the section.
So you can just check what call apply and buying odd.
So when you are using the two string matter with call.
Ideally whenever you pass one, add a that is the reference given to this call method.
So the object dot prototype dot to string with a call method can differentiate the data type in a more
better way.
In fact, because it is a global object.
You can avoid writing this object or prototype.
You can keep only the two string, not call.
Then you passed the add.
Let me run this.
You see that the output is similar?
Now, in this question, we have to check whether it is an ad or not.
So the only thing remaining is that you have to put an if conditions.
I am going to say if this is object add a, then I might say true or I can return.
I can write this in a function and I can return it.
But you get the gist of what I am saying.
So.
And he had, I'll say, false.
Now I can create a function also, but we live with this for the moment.
So let's run this code now.
As you can see, it says now that it is true, let's change the value of adding the variable that decides
the test only and run it.
So you'd say it's false.
So to string that call is very useful when you have to deal with more detailed type of values.